README.md, before:

New Grails Shiro plugin
=======================
The Grails 3 (Grails 3.3.10, Shiro 1.4.1) plugin has been re-written and now lives at https://github.com/nerdErg/grails-shiro . The code here should be considered archived and not for current use (it contains some vulnerabilities and is not maintained)

OLD Grails 3 Shiro plugin
=====================

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/pledbrook/grails-shiro.png)](http://travis-ci.org/pledbrook/grails-shiro)

Documentation is a work in progress.

## Installation
To install this plugin you need to add this to your `build.gradle` dependencies.

```
compile 'org.grails.plugins:grails-shiro:3.3.0'
```

## Configuration
To override default configuration of the shiro plugin you can simply add corresponding configuration keys to your `application.groovy` or `application.yaml` file.

```
grails {
  plugin {
    shirosecurity {
      session.mode = [null, 'native'] //default null
      filter {
        loginUrl = [url for your login page] //default "/auth/login"
        unauthorizedUrl = [url for your unauthorized page] //default "/auth/unauthorized"
        successUrl = [url for your success page] //default null
        basicAppName = [name to show in basic http auth] //not configured by default, it triggers basic auth
        filterChainDefinitions = optional, see [https://shiro.apache.org/static/1.4.0/apidocs/org/apache/shiro/spring/web/ShiroFilterFactoryBean.html#setFilterChainDefinitions-java.lang.String-]
      }
      authc.required = [boolean] //Get the config option that determines whether authentication is required for access control or not. By default, it is required.
      redirect.uri = [url for redirect when page needs authentication] //default "/auth/login?targetUri={urlRequested}"
    }
  }
}
```

## Available codegen scripts
To help you get started, plugin provides convenient way to generate required classes. You can use them with your `grails` command or grails wrapper `grailsw`.

`grails shiro-quick-start [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates basic domain classes, database realm to authenticate your users against database and security interceptor and auth controller. Default prefix is `shiro3.Shiro`.

`grails create-wildcard-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new database realm from a template that only works with	wildcard permissions. Other types of permission are not supported.

`grails create-security-interceptor [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new security interceptor from a template.

`grails create-ldap-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new ldap realm from a template.

`grails create-db-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new database realm from a template that only works with database permissions. Other types of permission are not supported.

`grails create-auth-controller [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new authentication controller from a template.

Commit message:

Added new plugin repository link to readme.

README.md, after:

New Grails Shiro plugin
=======================
The Grails 3 (Grails 3.3.10, Shiro 1.4.1) plugin has been re-written and now lives at https://github.com/nerdErg/grails-shiro . The code here should be considered archived and not for current use (it contains some vulnerabilities and is not maintained)

You can find the plugin on the plugin portal at http://plugins.grails.org/plugin/nerderg/grails-shiro

OLD Grails 3 Shiro plugin
=====================

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/pledbrook/grails-shiro.png)](http://travis-ci.org/pledbrook/grails-shiro)

Documentation is a work in progress.

## Installation
To install this plugin you need to add this to your `build.gradle` dependencies.

```
compile 'org.grails.plugins:grails-shiro:3.3.0'
```

## Configuration
To override default configuration of the shiro plugin you can simply add corresponding configuration keys to your `application.groovy` or `application.yaml` file.

```
grails {
  plugin {
    shirosecurity {
      session.mode = [null, 'native'] //default null
      filter {
        loginUrl = [url for your login page] //default "/auth/login"
        unauthorizedUrl = [url for your unauthorized page] //default "/auth/unauthorized"
        successUrl = [url for your success page] //default null
        basicAppName = [name to show in basic http auth] //not configured by default, it triggers basic auth
        filterChainDefinitions = optional, see [https://shiro.apache.org/static/1.4.0/apidocs/org/apache/shiro/spring/web/ShiroFilterFactoryBean.html#setFilterChainDefinitions-java.lang.String-]
      }
      authc.required = [boolean] //Get the config option that determines whether authentication is required for access control or not. By default, it is required.
      redirect.uri = [url for redirect when page needs authentication] //default "/auth/login?targetUri={urlRequested}"
    }
  }
}
```

## Available codegen scripts
To help you get started, plugin provides convenient way to generate required classes. You can use them with your `grails` command or grails wrapper `grailsw`.

`grails shiro-quick-start [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates basic domain classes, database realm to authenticate your users against database and security interceptor and auth controller. Default prefix is `shiro3.Shiro`.

`grails create-wildcard-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new database realm from a template that only works with	wildcard permissions. Other types of permission are not supported.

`grails create-security-interceptor [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new security interceptor from a template.

`grails create-ldap-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new ldap realm from a template.

`grails create-db-realm [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new database realm from a template that only works with database permissions. Other types of permission are not supported.

`grails create-auth-controller [--prefix your.package.name.ClassPrefix]` - creates a new authentication controller from a template.
